README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Cessouille! 👋

## 💼 Skills & Technologies

### Languages

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Tools

![Java Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java_Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Cessouille's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Cessouille&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Cessouille&layout=compact&theme=radical)

## 💬 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in collaborating on exciting projects and connecting with fellow developers!

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/Cessouille)

---

⭐️ From [Célian CHAUSSON](https://github.com/Cessouille)

Commit message:

add personal website information to README

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Cessouille! 👋

## 🚀 About me

You can visit my [website](https://celianchausson.fr) to learn more about me.

## 💼 Skills & Technologies

### Languages

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Tools

![Java Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java_Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Cessouille's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Cessouille&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Cessouille&layout=compact&theme=radical)

## 💬 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in collaborating on exciting projects and connecting with fellow developers!

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/Cessouille)

---

⭐️ From [Célian CHAUSSON](https://github.com/Cessouille)
